Brother Hao is this kid
He not only hit me
But also take Kumano into account
Boy, I'll give you a chance
Kneel down and hide
Five fingers down and I'll spare your life
Otherwise, I'll throw you in the river and feed the fish
You are Master Xiong's subordinate
Now I know I'm afraid
Brother Bao is Lord Xiong's right-hand man
Squeeze you to death as easily as pinching your horse
I'm curious.
You are Lord Xiong's right-hand man
You are not good
Who the hell are you?
You accompany Brother Bao to meet
Brother Bao, this kid is unrepentant
If you want me to see it, just kill him
kid
court death
Don't blame me for not hearing
Wait a minute bro
If you dare to touch me
Will regret
Regret hahahaha
Okay, I will make a good confession to you Mo Wenxian
But the premise is that you have to die first
Go to hell, boy.
Woman I will play with
Hahahaha
Brother Tianzi, be careful